docs: edit attribute-binding doc and move colSpan note to property binding (#38860)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/property-binding.md

For more details, see the [MDN HTMLTableCellElement](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLTableCellElement) documentation.

{@a colspan}

<div class="alert is-helpful">

#### `colspan` and `colSpan`

> Notice the difference between the `colspan` attribute and the `colSpan` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A common point of confusion is between the attribute, `colspan`, and the property, `colSpan`. Notice that these two names differ by only a single letter.
```
Adding a little text to make the issue clearer. Thoughts?

Author: Yes, this reads better.

For more details, see the [MDN HTMLTableCellElement](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/HTMLTableCellElement) documentation.

{@a colspan}

> <div class="alert is-helpful">

Reviewer: Point to consider. I think notes, warning, and other callouts should be short and to the point. No more than a sentence or two. Large blocks of text like this one should stand alone as their own sections. What do you think?

Author: SGTM!
